[EEG] Test plans (#8542)
aces/Loris: modules/electrophysiology_browser/README.md

## Installation requirements to use the visualization features

The visualization components require Protocol Buffers v3.0.0 or higher.
For install instructions, you can refer to the Protocol Buffers GitHub page: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf

> To enable the visualization components, set the useEEGBrowserVisualizationComponents config (Configuration/GUI) to true and run `make dev` or 'npm install && npm run compile' from the loris root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the visualization components, set the `useEEGBrowserVisualizationComponents` config (Configuration/GUI) to true and run `make dev` or `npm install && npm run compile` from the loris root directory.
```
